transgress your codified lifestyle - but keep all alliterations

There are powerful problems we face due to too many various languages. 
There are what we call our mother tongues, with multitudes of accents and dialects. 
There are complex codes of culture we consume and reproduce every day. 
A plethora of codified lifestyles, being adapted and shaped, sometimes more sometimes less. 

I'm not the first to say, whether directly or indirectly, 
that you create your self by the choices you make when you decide: 
  what to eat, wear, hear or read, 
  where and how to live, 
  what to say and see, 
  what to withhold of yourself or 
  basically: how to interact with our world. 
For some of these choices, our only resources are too limited to be really free to choose. 
We consider us thus often trapped in our modes of life. 
[you need to add all the references here]

However, there are still enough opportunities to make free choices in our communities. 
Why not start small and look at how the digitalization has changed our ability to choose. 
I'm talking about all those different feeds of the social nets that connect us 
in ways we cannot grasp in their totality. 
Yes, I know I'm always trapped in my filter bubble. 
As my feeds only feed me the "news" I select with my likes and views. 
With my time and attention, I shape my perception and action.

All I can do to pierce this bubble here and there, is to actively judge my input, 
by being open enough to seed my feed with data it doesn't expect. 
Only by transgressing the boundaries that make up my self, 
will I grow into a person of good judgement and character. 
These transgressions must be by definition challenging as they deconstruct my self 
  sometimes bigly, sometimes smally.

But what if an algorithm helps me, and you, 
to curate this permanent deconstruction in order to construct a common culture that is intuitively inclusive? 
A comming culture implied in the recognition of human rights, the enlightenment, the woken mind.

Gottlob Urrythm
